This tool is set at default to display English letters. It can be an excellent way to teach children or students learning English as a second language the 26 letters of the alphabet. Since you have the option of choosing upper or lower case (or both), you can test knowledge of both the capitalized and lower case alphabets simply by clicking the button to reveal a new random letter once the previous one has been identified.

French, German and Spanish
In addition to English, the tool also will generate random letters for French, German, and Spanish. All these are similar to English with their alphabets but they do contain a few more than the standard 26 English letters. These additional letters will randomly display as well if you choose German, French or Spanish as the language.

Hebrew and Greek
For those who are studying Hebrew letters and Greek letters, both the Hebrew alphabet and Greek alphabet are also available. The Greek alphabet has 24 letters while the Hebrew alphabet has 22 letters. When you select Greek from the drop down menu, you'll see random Greek Letters and when you select Hebrew, you'll see random Hebrew letters. Using the letter generator is a fun way to study both of these alphabets.

Non Latin Alphabet Letters
The tool also offers a number of random letters for non-Latin languages. These include Armenian, Chinese, Japanese, and Russian. The alphabets of all these languages look nothing like English, so using this tool can be an excellent way to study the alphabets and characters of these languages. For example, the tool has over 3000 Chinese characters and the Japanese version has all the Hiragana Japanese character letters.

Writing Creativity
This tool can be used to challenge writers to use their creativity in coming up with stories to enhance and practice their writing. For example, you can use the tool to generate 10 random letters. The writer then must write 10 sentences to create an interesting story with each sentence beginning with the random letter generated.

Increase Vocabulary
It can also be an excellent way to test your vocabulary when you first begin learning any of these languages. After you generate a random letter, you can use the tool to come up with as many words as you can that begin with that letter. You can make it a bit more difficult and also use it to come up with words that end with that letter.